README.md, before:

# Тестовое задание для Valantis

Проект является реализацией тестового задания Valantis на React.

Для того, чтобы запустить проект локально, нужно выполнить скрипт `npm run start` из корня проекта.

## Использованные инструменты

- Проект написан на React
- TypeScript
- TailwindCss
- В качестве стейт-менеджера использовался Zustand
- Некоторые компоненты были взяты из shadcn и radix

## Реализация

Сайт написан с учетом разных размеров экрана, интерфейс адаптивный. Для API-запросов используется метод fetch, но если бы было больше времени, то я бы добавил **React Query** в пару с **Zustand** для более лаконичной и понятной обработки запросов и результатов. За неимением возможности, повторные API-запросы пришлось прописывать вручную.

Пользовательское соглашение **обязательно** к ознакомлению.

# Test task for Valantis

This project is an implementation of the test task for Valantis using React.

To run the project locally, you need to execute the `npm run start` script from the project root.

## Tools Used

- The project is written in React
- TypeScript
- TailwindCss
- Zustand was used as the state manager
- Some components were taken from shadcn and radix

## Implementation

The website is designed to be responsive across different screen sizes. Fetch method is used for API requests, however, if there was more time, I would have added **React Query** paired with **Zustand** for more concise and understandable handling of requests and results. Due to the lack of this possibility, I had to manually handle repeated API requests.

Commit message:

Add link to github pages in Readme

README.md, after:

# Тестовое задание для Valantis

Проект является реализацией тестового задания Valantis на React.

Для того, чтобы запустить проект локально, нужно выполнить скрипт `npm run start` из корня проекта.

Ссылка на GitHub Pages проекта: (Valantis)[https://vkharlakov.github.io/valantis-jc-store/]

## Использованные инструменты

- Проект написан на React
- TypeScript
- TailwindCss
- В качестве стейт-менеджера использовался Zustand
- Некоторые компоненты были взяты из shadcn и radix

## Реализация

Сайт написан с учетом разных размеров экрана, интерфейс адаптивный. Для API-запросов используется метод fetch, но если бы было больше времени, то я бы добавил **React Query** в пару с **Zustand** для более лаконичной и понятной обработки запросов и результатов. За неимением возможности, повторные API-запросы пришлось прописывать вручную.

Пользовательское соглашение **обязательно** к ознакомлению.

# Test task for Valantis

This project is an implementation of the test task for Valantis using React.

To run the project locally, you need to execute the `npm run start` script from the project root.

Link to a project on GitHub Pages: (Valantis)[https://vkharlakov.github.io/valantis-jc-store/]

## Tools Used

- The project is written in React
- TypeScript
- TailwindCss
- Zustand was used as the state manager
- Some components were taken from shadcn and radix

## Implementation

The website is designed to be responsive across different screen sizes. Fetch method is used for API requests, however, if there was more time, I would have added **React Query** paired with **Zustand** for more concise and understandable handling of requests and results. Due to the lack of this possibility, I had to manually handle repeated API requests.
